Sir, sir.
Please don't do this, I'm just here to deliver takeout
How could this happen?
Xia Zhu, why did you come? I'm sorry, Lily.
I was late after class and kept you waiting.
I feel sorry for you.
I asked you to help me deliver takeout to earn living expenses
It's all your fault for being late for a date
Thank you, Lily
Take the Vienna Hotel, Room 502
Don't send it wrong, Annie, slow down.
502 is here
It's me please
I didn't expect it to be your first time
Don't worry, you are my savior.
I won't let you be wronged.
Xi Shao
Did you find out who drugged me last night?
It's okay to be incompetent under the tree
Dare to drug me Xi Hancheng
Even if you search the world, find him for me
Oh, right.
Thanks to a delivery girl who saved me last night
He saved my life.
No need to find him
Oops, I don't answer the phone to scare the pig, which delays my work.
Wait a minute this is a five star hotel
You didn't sleep here last night, did you?
Why is there a watch in this dress?
This can't be Patek Philippe, can it?
Did the man leave this last night?
Hmm, it might be fake.
How could someone like you be real?
Versatile and laborious
Then give it to me.
But I won't bother you about my work
Go bye but
Xia Zhu's old hat doesn't know the goods.
Don't blame me for being rude
Wow, big ben, hahahaha.
My luxury car comes with a watch.
Moments that make you jealous
Assistant Song, we searched the whole hotel
Can't find the lady
Who?
What are you doing?
I'm just here to take a look at the car and take a picture
Is this Xie Shao's watch?
Young grandma sacrificed herself and let me pick you up
Young grandma